---
title: Large Multimodal Media Model
summary: The Large multimodal media model framework is proposed to achieve input, inference, and generation of modalities such as text, images, videos, audio, 3D, sensors, and drivers.
tags:
  - AIGC
date: '2023-01-01T00:00:00Z'

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: '/external-project/'

image:
  caption: Photo
  focal_point: Smart
---

<font color=blue>**Large Multimodal Media Model**</font>

The commercial implementation of AIGC technology has attracted much attention, and text-to-image modal generation technology is expected to change our content production and consumption methods, bringing new imaginative space to the industry. Based on the current research, a Large multimodal media model framework is proposed to achieve input, inference, and generation of modalities such as text, images, videos, audio, 3D, sensors, and drivers. The framework takes the Large language model as the center of logical reasoning, transforming data from different modalities into a cohesive tensor as input. After the Large model reasoning, the output tensor is restored to the target modality, making the big model an advanced operating system with reasoning and thinking abilities. 
Here are some key points:

**Representation**: A multimodal media model needs to effectively represent and process media data of different modalities, such as text, images, videos, audio, 3D, etc. For each modality, it is necessary to choose an appropriate representation method for further processing and analysis in the model.

**Alignment**: In multimodal data, there may be correlation and correspondence between modalities. Alignment refers to matching and associating nonmodal data so the model can understand their relationships.

**Generation**: A large multimodal media model can generate new multimodal media data. For example, a text description technique can be given to generate a corresponding image or video, or a corresponding text can be generated by a given audio segment.

**Evaluation**: It is an essential step in measuring the quality and performance of the output of a multimodal media model. Evaluation can include both subjective and objective evaluations.

**Encoding**: Different from the concept of embedding in data representation, it specifically refers to data compression encoding. In the multimodal media model, data encoding transforms information from any modality or intermediate embeddings into spatially compact data streams.

**Interaction**: Large Multimodal media models can support interactions between people and models, between models, and even between people represented by model interactions, forming an ecosystem of models. This includes receiving multimodal data from users and inferring and generating it based on their needs.